
AiVi Express Driving School Practice Test
AiVi Express Driving School Practice Test
Test Yourself PART 7
1. If you want to change lanes, what is expected of you?
Indicate that you are changing lanes
Observe the traffic behind you before you actually move
2. Objects hanging on your interior mirror may
Restrict your view
Improve your driving
Enhance the beauty of your vehicle
Help your concentration
3. Which of the road signs below means: right curve?
A

B

4. You want to reverse on motorway. Is this allowed?
Yes
No
5. You are on a motorway; traffic ahead is breaking sharply because of an accident. How would you warn following traffic?
Briefly use the rear fog lights
Switch on the hazard lights continuously
Briefly use the hazard lights
Switch on the headlamps continuously
6. When approaching a stop sign where there is no stop line, sidewalk or crosswalk you should
Stop 3 metres back from the intersection and inch up slowly.
Slow down and proceed with caution.
Stop just before you enter the intersection.
Stop only if pedestrians are waiting to cross.
7. Apart from the owner of a vehicle, who else is to make sure that the vehicle he is driving is equipped with a fire-fighting equipment?
The insurance company
The driver
8. What is required of the driver of vehicle No 2?

He has to observe the right of way of vehicle No 1 and wait for it
He has the right of way before vehicle No 1
9. You are going on a very long journey. How can you keep yourself from getting tired?
Get some energy drinks for on the road
Drink some alcoholic beverages
Take frequent breaks in the course of the journey
10. If you are faced with turbulence, you should
Get off the road immediately.
Watch out for vehicles that could be forced into your path, such as motorcycles and campers.
Speed up so that you have more control of the car.
Honk while passing large trucks to let them know you are there.
11. If someone is to guide you reverse, where should the person stand?
Directly behind the vehicle
In front of the vehicle
At side of the vehicle
None of the above
12. Who must be the last to go?

Vehicle No 1
Vehicle No 2
Vehicle No 3
13. You are following a car driven by an elderly driver. You should expect the driver to drive badly
Flash your lights and overtake
Be aware that the drivers reactions may not be as fast
As yours
Stay very close behind but be careful
14. Who must wait?

Vehicle No 2
Vehicle No 1
15. What is the meaning of this road sign?

Give way for oncoming traffic
Traffic allowed in both directions
One-way road
Two-way road
16. After overtaking a truck you can only return to the drive lane only when you are sure you can see
The entire front of the truck in the side mirror
The entire front of the truck in the rear view mirror
The entire side of the truck in the side mirror
The entire side of the truck in the rear view mirror
17. During periods of illness your ability to drive may be impaired. You must
See your doctor each time before you drive
Only take smaller doses of any medicines
Be medically fit to drive
Take all your medicines with you when you drive
18. What is first aid?
Help by police
Help by ambulance personnel
Help by road workers
The first and temporary help
19. You wish to overtake an overloaded, slow moving vehicle on a busy road. You should
Fellow it closely and keep moving out to see the road ahead
Flash your headlights for the oncoming traffic to give way
Stay behind until the driver waves you past
Keep well back until you can see that it is clear ahead
20. What is the meaning of this road sign?

Level crossing 90 m ahead
Pedestrian crossing ahead
Level crossing 30 m ahead
Police checkpoint ahead
21. What is the meaning of this road sign?

Upcoming weather forecast station
Side wind
22. You have made changes on your vehicle and want to report them to the appropriate authority. What are you to submit?
Driving licence
Vehicle registration document
Vehicle registration document and document of ownership
23. Which of the following will give you an ideal stopping distance?
The 2 second gap
The 3 second gap
The 3 minutes gap
The 2 minutes gap
24. You must not use your horn when you are stationary
Unless a moving vehicle may cause you danger
At any time whatsoever
Unless it is used only briefly
Except for signaling that you have just arrived
25.  What is required of the driver of vehicle No 2?

He has to observe the right of way of vehicle No 1 and wait for it
He has the right of way before vehicle No 1
26. What is the meaning of this road sign?

Warning, right bend
Warning, series of bends, first to right
Warning, uneven road, slopes to left
No left turn
27. Your mobile phone rings while you are on the motorway. Before answering your should
Reduce your speed
Move into the left hand lane
Park on the hard shoulder
Stop in a safe place
28. What is the meaning of this road sign?

Reduce your speed
Move into the left hand lane
Park on the hard shoulder
No entry for motorcycles
29. What is the meaning of this road sign?

Reduce your speed
Move into the left hand lane
No entry for buses
Stop in a safe place
30. You noticed that your car starts but your headlight becomes dim at low engine speed. Which of the following should you check?
Radiator
Water pump
Fuse
Alternator

.
