
AiVi Express Driving School Practice Test
AiVi Express Driving School Practice Test
Test Yourself PART 5
1. What can be the use of the hazard or flashing warning signals on a motor vehicle?
Used as the first indicator of a broken down vehicle at a point where it cannot be recognized early enough
To indicate upcoming danger on the road
2. On which of these roads will double-parking be allowed?
One-way road
A major road
Roads in residential areas
None of the above
3. What will reduce the risk of neck injury resulting from a collision?
An air-sprung seat
Anti-lock brakes
A properly adjusted head restraint
A collapsible steering wheel
4. You want to overtake this loaded truck. When can you do this?
When you have a clear sight on a straight part of the road
When you have a clear sight in a bend to the left, so you can see cars coming from the opposite direction
When you have a clear sight in a bend to the right, so you can see cars coming from the opposite direction
When the truck driver signals you
5. What should you do when leaving your vehicle?
Put valuable documents under seats
Cover valuables with a blanket
Remove all valuables
Leave the interior light on
6. If you are arrested for having a blood alcohol concentration, your concentration should be above
100 %
1.00 %
0.08 %
80 %
7. What would you look out for when you see this road works ahead sign displayed along a road?

Traffic lights
Following traffic
Constructional vehicles cross
Covered trenches
8. In what situation are you allowed to use the headlight flasher to indicate your intention to overtake another vehicle?
Outside built-up areas in the day time
Outside built-up areas at night
When it is raining heavily
Outside built-up areas in the day time and at night
9. What is the meaning of this road sign?
You are allowed to make a U-turn
You can reverse
You can park
10. What is the meaning of this road sign?
No entry for all vehicles
No entry for all trucks
No entry for heavy trucks
11. What damage is covered by your Third Party Liability Insurance when you are involved in a road traffic accident?
Only damages to the other vehicle
Any damage to the other vehicle as well as injuries to the driver and passengers of the other vehicle
Only damages to your vehicle
Any damage to your vehicle as well as injuries to the driver and passengers of your vehicle
12. If you must drive through a deep puddle, you should
Drive through it as quickly as possible.
Drive through it as slowly as possible.
Apply the brakes after you get through the puddle to dry them out.
B. and C. are correct.
13. You think the driver of the vehicle in front has forgotten to cancel the right indicator. You should
Stay behind and not overtake
Flash your lights to alert the driver
Sound your horn before overtaking
Overtake on the left if there is room
14. Correctly adjusted driving mirrors will show

All blind spots
The tail-end of your vehicle
The drivers face properly
Possible objects under the vehicle
16. What do you have to do when you see this sign while driving at a top speed?
Slow down, you are approaching traffic lights
Drive on, you are approaching traffic lights
17. You are travelling along a road that has just been gravelled with loose gravels. Which of the following must you pay particular attention to?
Vehicles overtaking you
Vehicles parked on the shoulder of the road
Dazzle indicators
Red and white railing along the road
18. You want to overtake this fruit pickup. How can you do this?

You pass the pickup on the right side when possible
You wait until the pickup moves to the right
You horn and flash your lights to indicate you want to pass
You pass on the shoulder of the road where possible
19. When you are waiting to manoeuvre to the left and a vehicle from the opposite direction flashes its lights, it means
You can go on
You should go straight ahead
A warning of his presence
None of the above
20. What is the meaning of this road sign?
Double curve (bend), first to the right and then to the left
Slippery road surface
Double curve (bend), first to the left and to the right
21.  Which of the road signs below means: warning, series of bends, first to right?
A

B

22. A sign depicting a green circle with a straight arrow pointing upwards inside it means
Straight road ahead.
One lane ahead.
No turns - through only.
A. and C. are correct.
23. What is the meaning of this road sign?

No entry for horse-riders
Compulsory for horse-riders, prohibited for other road users
Compulsory for all road users
24. What do the broken lines mean on this road?

You cannot overtake
You may overtake
Parking in the middle of the road is permitted
25. Which of the following fire extinguishers will be ideal for putting out fire caused by petrol electrical faults?
Dry powder extinguisher
BCF extinguisher
Any of them
None of the above
26. You think the driver of the vehicle in front has forgotten to cancel the right indicator. You should
Stay behind and not overtake
Flash your lights to alert the driver
Sound your horn before overtaking
Overtake on the left if there is room
27. You have a new unlicenced vehicle that has Trial Number Plates (red licence plates). Where are you allowed to go with it?
On trips abroad
On trips to test whether the vehicle is working well
On trips to demonstrate the vehicles topspeed
28. What is the meaning of this road sign?

Warning, left bend
Warning, series of bends, first to right
Warning, uneven road, slopes to right
Warning, right bend
29. What are you to anticipate if you want to follow a truck that is turning to the right?
A pedestrian may let the truck pass but cross the street immediately it passes
Another truck may overtake you
The truck may suddenly pull up
30. There are flashing amber lights under a school warning sign. What action should you take?
Reduce speed until you are clear of the area
Keep up your speed and sound your horn
Increase your speed to clear the area quickly
Wait at the lights until they change to green

.
