
AiVi Express Driving School Practice Test
AiVi Express Driving School Practice Test
Test Yourself PART 2
 
1.The purpose of a catalytic converter is to reduce
Question Type
Fuel consumption
The risk of fire
Toxic exhaust gases
Engine wear
or
2. What is the meaning of this road sign?

Right turn prohibited
Roundabout
3. You are behind a trotro that pulls up at a bus stop. What should you do?
Pull up as well past the trotro sounding your horn
Watch carefully for pedestrians
Be ready to give away to the trotro and the driver
Stay behind the trotro
4. What is the meaning of this road sign?

Freeway
Airport
Level crossing
Motorway or freeway
5. Do you have priority to cross the upcoming junction when you see this sign?

Yes
No
6. To help the environment, you can avoid wasting fuel by
Making sure your tyres are correctly inflated
Over-revving in the lower gears
Driving at lower speeds where possible
Keeping an empty roof rack properly fitted
7. Which of the following gear positions can be referred to as the over-drive gear?
First gear
Reverse gear
Fifth gear
None of the above
8. Some two-way roads are divided into three lanes. Why are these particularly dangerous?
Traffic can travel faster in poor weather conditions
Traffic can overtake on the left
Traffic in both directions can use the middle lane to overtake
Traffic uses the middle lane for emergencies only
9. What is the meaning of this road sign?

Motorway ahead
Compulsory driving direction: straight ahead
No parking on both sides of the road
10. What change on a passenger vehicle must always be reported to the official unit dealing with such matters?
Change of color
Installation of a new engine
Installation of an engine with greater horse power
11. You are on a long, downhill slope. What should you do to help control the speed of your vehicle?
Select neutral
Grip the handbrake firmly
Apply the parking brake gently
Select a lower gear
12. Rapid acceleration and heavy braking can lead to
Reduced pollution
Reduced exhaust emissions
Increased fuel consumption
Increased road safety
13. What factors may be responsible for underestimating or misjudging your own speed on a wide stretch of road outside built-up areas?
Narrowness of the road
The bad condition of the road
Absence of trees and buildings on both sides
14. To get an accurate result when you check your engine oil, you should always ensure that the vehicle is parked
On a level ground
In a mechanics shop
On a slop
In a depression
15. Which of the following will you consider as the basic function of a vehicles suspension system?
It keeps the cars wheels in firm contact with the road
It keeps the cars electrical system in good shape
It helps keep the brake pads in good shape
All the above
16. You are about to drive home. You feel very tired and have a severe headache. You should
Wait until you are fit and well before driving
Drive home, but take a tablet for headaches
Drive home if you can stay awake for the journey
Wait for a short time, then drive home slowly
17. You are on a wet motorway with surface spray. You should use
Hazard flashers
Dipped headlights
Rear fog lights
Sidelights
18. How far away from a fire hydrant are you required to park?
10 metres.
6 metres.
5 metres.
3 metres.
19. What is the meaning of this road sign?
Train station
Bus stop
No entry for buses
Overhead bridge
20. Excessive or uneven tyre wear can be caused by faults in which of the following?
The gearbox
The Accelerator
The exhaust system
Wheel alignment
21. Where should you position your hands on the steering wheel?
Left hand at 11 oclock and right hand at 1 oclock.
Left hand at 9 oclock and right hand at 3 oclock.
Left hand at 10 oclock and right hand at 2 oclock.
B. and C. are both correct.
22. What is a possible danger that can occur during overtaking?
Underestimation of your vehicles acceleration qualities
Overestimation of the distance between you and an oncoming vehicle
23. What is the meaning of this road sign?

End of overtaking prohibition
No parking
No overtaking by all vehicles
No overtaking by red vehicles
24. What is the meaning of this road sign?

End of dual carriage ahead
Edge of the road is dangerous
25. You are waiting to come out of a side road. Why should you watch carefully for motorcycles?
Motorcycles are usually faster than cars
Police patrols often use motorcycles
Motorcycles are small and hard to see
Motorcycles have right of way
26. Which of the following is at risk of not being seen as you reverse?
The driver
The ground
None of the above
A child
27. You arrive at a serious motorcycle accident scene. The motorcyclist is unconscious and bleeding. Your main priority should be to
Sweep up any loose debris
Make a list of witnesses and attend to the victim
Take number of the vehicle involved
Check the causality s airways
28. What types of licence holders are not allowed to drive a scooter with a capacity of 100 cc?
Class A Licence
Class B Licence
Class B Licence and Class C Licence
29. You are late for a very important state programme in which you must participate. On your way, you encounter a heavy traffic situation. What should you do?
Follow an authorized convoy that is passing by
Follow drivers on the shoulder of the road
Be tolerant and wait for traffic to flow
Horn and force drive your way through the traffic
30. Your mobile phone rings while you are on the motorway. Before answering your should
Reduce your speed
Move into the left hand lane
Park on the hard shoulder
Stop in a safe place

.
