
AiVi Express Driving School Practice Test
AiVi Express Driving School Practice Test
Test Yourself PART 6
 
1. Who can go first?

Vehicle No 2
Vehicle No 1
2. When entering a tunnel on a sunny day, you should
Keep your sunglasses on, as taking them off may take your attention away from driving.
Slow down to let your eyes adjust to the lower light levels.
Speed up to get through as quickly as possible.
Just keep driving as you were before.
3. What is the meaning of this road sign?

Motorway ahead
Compulsory driving direction: straight ahead
No parking on both sides of the road
4. If you must stop suddenly in an emergency, you should
Slam on the brakes and steer in the direction you want to go.
Pump the brakes and steer in the direction you want to go.
Hit the brakes hard, but not hard enough to lock the wheels, and steer in the direction you want to go.
Hit the brakes hard enough to lock the wheels and hope for the best.
5. Which of the following fire extinguishers will be ideal for putting out fire caused by petrol electrical faults?

Dry powder extinguisher
BCF extinguisher
Any of them
None of the above
6. When driving behind a slow-moving truck going up a hill you should
Check for approaching cars and pass in the oncoming lane when it is safe.
Pass on the shoulder of the road.
Honk so that the driver knows you are there and can pull over for you.
Be patient and try to let your road rage subside.
7. You are travelling on a highway, suddenly you notice that you are entering a built up area or town. What speed limit should you use?
25 kmh
30 kmh
50 kmh
70 kmh
8. Who must wait?

Vehicle No 2
Vehicle No 1
9. Which of the road signs below means: no entry for all vehicles?
A

B

10. You are waiting to emerge left from a minor road. A large vehicle is approaching from the right. You have time to turn, but you should wait. Why?
The large vehicle can turn suddenly
The large vehicle can easily hide an overtaking vehicle
The large vehicle is difficult to steer in a straight line
The large vehicle can easily hide vehicles from the left
11. You can only drive on the sidewalks when it is
Outside the drive way
Parallel to the drive way
Part of the drive way
None of the above
12. What is the minimum legal insurance cover you should have a drive on public roads?
Third party, fire and theft
Third party only
Fully comprehensive
Personal injury cover
13. In what situation are you allowed to use the headlight flasher to indicate your intention to overtake another vehicle?
Outside built-up areas in the day time
Outside built-up areas at night
When it is raining heavily
Outside built-up areas in the day time and at night
14.  Warning road signs are indicated on
Circular signboards
Rectangular signboards
Square signboards
Triangular signboards
15.  How is the date for the next inspection of your motor vehicle shown on the vehicle itself?
By means of the inspection sticker
By the side of the vehicle
16. What should you use your horn for?
To alert others of your presence
To greet other road user
To allow you right of way
To signal your annoyance
17. Which of these road signs always require the use of direction indicators?
A

B

18. What is the meaning of this road sign?

Major road
Stop, give way for drivers on the intersecting road
Priority intersection
Give way for drivers on the intersecting road
19. You are overtaking an okada rider in heavy rain. What should you do?
Allow extra room
Give a thank you wave
Move back early
Sound your horn
20. How will a school crossing patrol signal you to stop?
By pointing to children on the opposite pavement
By displaying a red light
By displaying a stop sign
By giving you an arm signal
21.  A flashing green light means
This is a pedestrian-controlled traffic light.
You can continue through the intersection as long as it s clear.
This light simply warns you that you are entering an intersection.
A. and B. are correct.
22. To help protect the environment you should NOT
Remove your roof rack when unloading
Use your car for very short journeys
Walk, cycle, or use public transport
Empty the boot of unnecessary weight
23. Who is allowed to cross the intersection?

None of them
All of them
Vehicle No 1
Vehicles No 1 and No 2
24. To avoid an accident when entering a contra flow system (transfer of traffic its usual half of the road to the other half, so that it shares it with traffic flowing in the other direction), you should
Reduce speed at the exit of the road
Switch lanes anytime to make progress
Choose opposite lane early
Follow other motorists closely to avoid long queues
25. Why are mirrors often slightly curved (convex)
They totally cover blind spots
They make it easier to judge the speed of following traffic
They make following traffic look bigger
They give a wider field of vision
26. On a highway, what is the interval of putting up a warning triangle or any other warning device when a vehicle breaks down?
Approximately 100 m
Approximately 120 m
27. What conditions of a vehicle are liable to cause accidents?
Tyres completely worn down
Tyres with too low pressure
Well aligned wheels
28. Which of the following will represent an act of aggressive driving?
Tailgating
Braking
Observing traffic rules
Driving in the right lane on two way road
29. A large diamond painted on the road in a particular lane means
Bus lane only.
You cannot drive in this lane.
Reserved for buses and High Occupancy Vehicles (HOVs).
Crosswalk.
30. A police officer is controlling the traffic at an intersection even though the traffic lights are in operation. Whose signals are you to obey?
The traffic lights only
The police officers signals

.
