
AiVi Express Driving School Practice Test
Test Yourself PART 4
1. If you have to drive a vehicle you are not used to, which of the following controls will you look out for?
The battery size
The ground
A child
None of the above
2. Exhaust pipe mufflers are fitted on vehicles to help
Give the vehicle good moisture output
Prevent oil from entering the exhaust system
Prevent excessive noise
Prevent carbon dioxide leakage
3. What saved the passengers of this crashed vehicle?
The bumper
The crush zone
The airbags
Quality tyres
4. When faced with low visibility conditions while driving, you should
Slow down and maintain extra space margins.
Use your defroster to keep your windows clear.
Search and scan more carefully.
All of the above.
5.  What change on a passenger vehicle must always be reported to the official unit dealing with such matters?
Conversion of 2-door to 4-door passenger vehicle
Conversion of passenger vehicle into pickup
Change of tyres
6. You are at an intersection and want to turn right into a street where pedestrians have just started to cross. What are you to do?
Signal the pedestrians to halt
Give way to the pedestrians
7. What vehicles are not allowed to park here?

Motorcycles
All vehicles
Motorcycles and trucks (lorries)
8. Which of the road signs below means: No Stopping?
A
B
9. How far away from a stop sign, traffic control signal or crosswalk are you required to park?
10 metres.
6 metres.
5 metres.
3 metres.
10. Apart from your windscreen one of the following should also be always clean and securely fixed
Windscreen
Registration plates only
Registration documents
Registration and warning plates
11. Which of the road signs below means: give way for drivers on the major road ahead?
A
B
C
12. A light with a steady red cross above a lane of traffic means
Proceed with caution
Begin moving out of this lane and into a lane with a steady green arrow.
You cannot drive in this lane.
Bus lane only.
13. You are driving on a motorway. The traffic ahead is braking sharply because of an accident. How could you warn following traffic?
Briefly use the hazard warning light
Switch on the hazard warning lights continuously
Briefly use the rear fog lights
Switch on the headlights continuously
14.  Do not move off if your action will force another driver to
Use his mirrors
Reverse
Brake sharply
Maintain his lane
15. You are trying to move off on loose sand. You should use
The lowest gear you can
The highest gear you can
A high engine speed
The handbrake and footbrake together
16. Who can go first?

Vehicle No 1
Vehicle No 3
Vehicle No 2
17. Who is responsible for making sure that a vehicle is not overloaded?
The owner of the items being carried
The person who loaded the vehicle
The driver of the vehicle
The licensing authority
18. Correctly adjusted driving mirrors will show
All blind spots
The tail-end of your vehicle
The drivers face properly
Objects under the vehicle
19. If you find that your car is hydroplaning, you should
Slam on the brakes.
Brake gently.
Decelerate and drive straight ahead without hitting the brakes.
Pull over; there may be something wrong with your car.
20. What is the meaning of this road sign?

Two-way road, closed to the right
One-way road, closed to the right
No throughroad on right
No throughroad
21. When following a truck at night, it will be safe to use high beam headlights because trucks have high sides that can prevent the driver of the truck from noticing you.
True
False
Sometimes
True only when street lights are off
22.  At junction where no priority is shown, you should always
Flash you head lights
Show your brake lights
Be prepared to stop
Signal others to move on
23. What sign of a pedestrian do you need to watch?

The person has one leg on the zebra
The person is waving to stop
24. When you park your vehicle you should
Set the brakes
Stop the engine
Remove the ignition key
Do all the above
25.  You are following a vehicle at a safe distance on a wet road. Another driver overtakes you and pulls into the gap you have left. What should you do?
Flash your headlights as a warning
Try to overtake safely as soon as you can
Drop back to regain a safe distance
Stay close to the other vehicle until it moves on
26. It is essential that tyre pressures are checked regularly. When should this be done?
When tyres are cold
After any lengthy journey
After travelling at high speed
When tyres are hot
27. When you arrive at an accident scene, you must not do one of the following
Clear possible dangers
Drive away people around the scene
Display warning triangle
None of the above
28. Which of the following is the right thing to do when you find out that another driver is going against the rules?
Use your horn to warn the driver
Shout to correct the driver
Give the driver the right of way
Do none of the above
29. What should you expect when you see this sign?

Braking distance will be longer than on a level road
High gears will result in good braking
30. What does this road sign tell you?

Uneven road
Warning for sleeping police or speed ram
Speed ram at the spot of the sign
Roadworks ahead