
AiVi Express Driving School Practice Test
AiVi Express Driving School Practice Test
Test Yourself PART 3
1. During periods of illness your ability to drive may be impaired. You must
See your doctor each time before you drive
Only take smaller doses of any medicines
Be medically fit to drive
Take all your medicines with you when you drive
2. What is the meaning of this sign?

Slippery road
Road narrow on the left
3. What is the meaning of this sign?

Sharp turn to the left
No U-turn allowed
4. Which of these is most likely to deter the theft of your vehicle?
An immobiliser
Tinted windows
Locking wheel nuts
A sun screen
5. What advice should you give to a driver who has had a few alcoholic drinks at a party?

Have a strong cup of coffee and then drive home
Drive carefully and slowly
Go home by public transport
Wait a short while and then drive home
6. If your headlights ever fail, you should
Try turning the light switch on and off rapidly.
Trust your parking lights to make you visible to other vehicles.
Use your hazard lights.
A. and C. are correct.
7. An under inflated tyre can cause your tyre to
Rotate well
Have road-holding
Overheat
None of the above
8. Your vehicle has no fog lights but you are driving it in thick fog in the day time. Why is it wrong for you to use your parking lights instead of dimmed head lights?
In foggy weather, you MUST make it a point to let road users coming from the opposite direction see you more clearly than those coming from behind
You can be seen more easily by oncoming drivers when your dimmed headlights are on
9. What is the meaning of this road sign?

U-turn
No left turn
10. If you want to change lanes, what is expected of you?
Indicate that you are changing lanes
Observe the traffic behind you before you actually move
11. You are following two cyclists. They approach a roundabout in the right-hand lane. In which direction should you expect the cyclists to go?
Left
Right
Straight ahead
Any direction
12. You are driving along a wet road. How can you tell if your vehicle`s tyres are losing their grip on the surface?
The engine will stall
The engine noise will increase
The steering will feel very heavy
The steering will feel very light
13. Your overall stopping distance will be much longer when driving
In fog
In the rain
In strong winds
14. What can be the use of the hazard or flashing warning signals on a motor vehicle?
To indicate an upcoming bus stop
To indicate a school bus with children getting in and out
15. You are travelling at 70 kmh on a good, dry road. What is your typical overall stopping distance?
25 metres
50 metres
75 metres
99 metres
16. What do you have to keep in mind when you see elderly persons crossing the road?
They may suddenly stop on the roadway
They are as smart as younger persons
17. In what order must the vehicles proceed?

Vehicle No 2 FIRST, Vehicle No 3 NEXT, Vehicle No 1 LAST
Vehicle No 3 FIRST, Vehicle No 2 NEXT, Vehicle No 1 LAST
18. You think the driver of the vehicle in front has forgotten to cancel the right indicator. You should
Stay behind and not overtake
Flash your lights to alert the driver
Sound your horn before overtaking
Overtake on the left if there is room
19. When parallel parking, you must be within how many centimeters from the curb?
50 cm.
30 cm.
5 cm.
It does not matter
20.  Four drivers attend a social event, three of them take 3 bottles of beer each, while the last person takes 1 bottle of the same beer. Which of them will the law permit to drive?

The three drivers who took 3 bottles of beer each
The driver who took 1 bottle of beer
Any of them can drive
None of them is permitted to drive
21. Your vehicle pulls to one side when braking. You should
Consult your garage as soon as possible
Change the tyres around
Pump the pedal when braking
Use your handbrake at the same time
22.  If you are stranded in snow in your vehicle, you should
Run the engine to keep the interior of the vehicle warm.
Go and look for help.
Run the engine only for about five minutes an hour to avoid carbon monoxide poisoning.
B. and C. are correct.
23. You are descending a steep-hill and have to change to a lower gear. What method should you employ to use the braking effect of the engine?
Immediately after shifting gear, disengage the clutch
Immediately after shifting gear, switch off the engine
Immediately after shifting gear, step firmly on the foot brake
24. What should you expect when you see this sign?

Braking distance will be longer than on a level road
High gears will result in good braking
25. What are you allowed to do when you see a double sign like this?

Overtake
Overtake, but keep your speed below 30
None of the above
26. Which of the following should not be kept in your vehicle?
A first aid kit
The vehicle documents
A road atlas
The tax disc
27. How should the vehicles proceed?

Vehicle No 2 FIRST, Vehicle No 1 NEXT, Vehicle No 3 LAST
Vehicle No 1 FIRST, Vehicle No 3 NEXT, Vehicle No 2 LAST
28. What is the meaning of this road sign?

No right turn
No parking on the right
No stopping on the right
29. You have just gone through deep water. To dry off the brakes you should
Accelerate and keep to a high speed for a short time
Go slowly while gently applying the brakes
Avoid using the brakes at all for a few miles
Stop for at least an hour to allow them time to dry
30. You want to park here. Is this allowed?

Yes
N0


.
